
%-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
% Chapter: Introduction
%-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

\chapter{Introduction to the Acadia Style}
\label{chap:INTRO}

The Acadia thesis style relies on the file \verb|acadia-hon-thesis.sty|.
This file needs to be included where \LaTeX\ can find it.  The
simplest thing to do is to put it in the same directory as the rest of
your thesis.

To customize your thesis with your own name and the name of your
supervisor, convocation date, etc., simply rely on the predefined
commands in the style.  Your information is inserted into your
document by editing the file \verb|preliminaries.tex|.  Once you have
filled in your details the template will format it appropriately.
NOTE: if you \emph{must} update the template you will have to edit the
\verb|acadia-hon-thesis.sty| file.  And if you have to edit it because
there is a problem or Acadia regulations have changed, please let
\href{mailto:jim.diamond@acadiau.ca}{Jim Diamond} know, so he can fix
up the public version.

We now discuss the relevance of the contents of the 
\verb|preliminaries.tex| file.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\title{Thesis Title}|: insert the title of your thesis
between the open and close braces of the \verb|\title| command.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\author{NAME IN FULL}|: use this to set your name.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\dept{Your department}|: use this to set the department
or school (e.g., ``Computer Science'', ``Mathematics'', \dots)

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\deptOrSchool{whichever it is}|: use this to indicate
whether you are in a ``Department'' or a ``School''.  Don't forget to
capitalize!  (And don't use quotation marks.)

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\submissionMonth{month name}|: enter the month of your
thesis submission (``March'' for most honours students).

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\submissionYear{20XX}|: Enter the year of your
thesis submission.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\copyrightYear{20XX}|: the copyright year of your thesis.
(Just in case it is not the same as the submission year for some reason.)

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\supervisor{Dr.~Your Supervisor}|: your supervisor's
name.  Use a ``\verb|~|'', \textbf{not} a space, between your
supervisor's title and first name (as well as the following
dignitaries), for reasons explained later in this document.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\cosupervisor{Dr.~Your Other Supervisor}|: if you
required lots and lots of supervision, enter your co-supervisor's name.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\headOrDirector{Dr.~The Head or Director}|: the current
head of your department or director of your school.  If he or she is
an ``acting director'' or ``acting head'', remove the \verb|%| from
the line \verb|% \justActing| in \verb|preliminaries.tex|.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\honoursCommittee{Dr.~The Honours Committee Rep}|:
the current honours committee person, whose name appears on the
signature page of your thesis.  Part of your research effort is
figuring out who this is.  Seriously.

\smallskip
Next we begin the sections that create some output for you and your
readers to admire.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\firstThreePages|: this command instructs the template
to output the first three pages (duh) of your thesis.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\Acknowledgments|: this begins the acknowledgments
section.  Be eloquent and yet concise.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\tocAndSuch|: this instructs the template to output
the table of contents, the list of figures, the list of tables, and so
on.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\prefacesection{Abstract}|: this begins your abstract.

\smallskip
\noindent\verb|\afterpreface|: this instructs the template to
(1)~output the table of contents, and, as appropriate, the list of
figures, list of tables, list of algorithms and list of listings,
(2)~change the page numbering from Roman numerals to Arabic, and
(3)~prepare to start Chapter~1.

\smallskip
That's it!  Once you have filled in this template you can start typing
your thesis and the messy details are taken care of for you.
